Rutter's office before the Baylor game after
their business is okay Admiral let's get down to
the real nitty-gritty he said what are you big old
mean bear is gonna do to our poor laggies on
Saturday and he paused as he listened and then he
nearly fell out of his chair laughing mr. McCall
had said Earl we gonna beat the hell out of you but
we're gonna do it in a Christian like way
And then, just to top that one off, his
relationship with Abner was so good. Oh, I loved to
see them together. We got the official Baylor
University Christmas card one year, and it was
posed. It was Abner McCall and his wife and one or
two children, I don't remember, together by
themselves, nobody else around, in the bleachers
of Baylor Stadium, and a picture made of them And
they're all looking down towards the same
direction of the goal post. And on the outside of
the Christmas card, it said, Here you see the Abner
McCall family at Baylor Stadium waiting for Santa
Claus. You open it up, and it says, He hasn't been
here in a long, long time.
So those are my favorite stories. Oh, that's very
good.